[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Our human body, our
individual state of being,
is a mere representation
of the entire universe.
Every atom we have is
a mirror reflection
of the atoms in the universe.
And as the universe shifts,
and moves, and changes,
we are simultaneously shifting.
I am one.
Everyone is one.
The universe is one.
The oneness of the universe to
the oneness of the individual--
there's absolutely no difference
whatsoever, other than the fact
that our every moment
is a representation
of the one slide in the
PowerPoint presentation
or the one image per slot.
Because our brains are not
advanced enough, complex enough
to process simultaneous
experiences at once,
we have a limited
experience here
on this planet with
one slide at a time.
And sometimes, we can get
caught up in each slide
and not realizing that that
slide is a representation
of the last slide.
And it's actually a full
flow, not a touching yourself
to every moment so
that you can easily
move into the next
slide, and understanding
that the current slide
is just a state of being,
an impermanent state of being,
a whimsical state of being--
whimsical non-attachment.
>> And we're back.
>> And now we are going to
have a little conversation with
Khan.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And maybe you
could introduce Khan,
cause we didn't really talk
about him at all prior.
>> For sure.
So he's definitely not
as prominent as Herra.
He came through back in 2015.
Khan is a Mantis being.
He's from the 12th dimension.
And when I first got
in contact with him,
I had just undergone
foot surgery.
And I was hanging out
at my dad's house.
He was taking care of me
after the foot surgery.
And I don't know if it
was just the fact that I
was in a state of
meditation, or if I just
wasn't working at the time
and I was really relaxed,
or what have you.
But in an instant,
all of a sudden,
this giant Mantis being
comes into the room.
I close my eyes.
I see him there.
And he was huge.
I mean, when I see him
out in the universe,
he looks like he's 40 feet tall.
But he squishes himself into
buildings when he comes in.
So because he's in
the 12th dimension,
he's completely non-physical.
He doesn't have a body.
He is in the astral
plane all of the time.
Yeah, so we had a lovely
conversation back in 2015
when he first introduced me.
I had this huge download--
unlocked a massive
amount of DNA within me--
when he came through.
And then I spent four hours
documenting the conversation,
back and forth, our
conversation together.
And part of the conversation
was I asked him who he was.
And he said, I am you.
And I said, oh, OK, great.
You're another
parallel self of mine.
That's really awesome.
So when am I you?
When was this?
And he said that it was about
200 lifetimes in the future,
which is pretty cool.
That's not too far away.
>> That's not far at all--
>> Yeah.
>> --in the scope of--
>> In the grand
scheme of things.
Absolutely.
So very exciting.
And ever since then,
I've spoken to him,
and brought him through, and
consulted him on some things.
But he's very
different than Heera.
Heera is very expansive,
very conversational.
Heera really loves to explain
things and go into visuals.
Khan is very right to the point,
very efficient and effective.
And basically, he will
do these one-liners
and then leave it at that.
>> And when he comes
to you in visions,
even though you say he's
non-physical, he has a--
how does that work?
How does it work when you
say he's a Mantis being,
and you see him, but
yet he's non-physical?
Maybe that's something
we could ask Khan later.
>> Yeah.
>> How does that work?
>> For sure.
>> How do you think that works?
>> So for a lot of species, from
the 8th dimension to the 12th
dimension, there's a choice in
whether or not they want to be
in the physical body
or a non-physical body.
So they're still
incarnated, in a sense.
They're still separate.
They're still acting as a
separate entity from source.
But they're not
necessarily confined
to that physical limitation.
And so I've even seen
a lot of Pleiadians
who are non-physical.
So they're in their
astral body all the time.
Yeah, so like I said, Khan--
he's got this beautiful--
what is it?
Not a cape, but like--
[SIGHS] what is it?
A robe-- yeah, he's got
a beautiful robe on.
And I literally
look at the robe,
and it looks like the galaxy.
It's not just one color.
It's just this moving energy.
And he's got this darker
skin, but it's also--
it changes as well.
His skin changes quite often.
And like I said,
I usually see him
in the middle of the
universe, just sitting,
really observing things.
And that's what he
does most of the time--
is just observe the
flow of the universe.
And he usually exists
solo, most of the time.
So yeah, so he's a
very different energy.
And he's more universal--
a universal truth, rather
than quantum physics,
genetics, and
hybridization, as Heera is.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool.
Well, can we bring
him through and start
having some words and
dialogue with Khan?
>> For sure.
Let's do it.
>> Sweet.
>> Go ahead.
>> OK.
So Khan-- wondering what your
role is in this ascension
process that we're going
through right now on the planet.
>> [SIGHS] Hmm.
Interesting.
OK.
Very beautiful.
So he's showing me the
image of the planet.
And he's showing me himself
incarnating into this planet.
And he gave me
some words as well.
And he was showing
me that he incarnates
into individual creatures--
so a lot of animals,
even plants--
to teach lessons through
those individual incarnations.
He also says that he can and
does come through other people
as well.
Other people channel him.
He doesn't incarnate as one
person in particular as Khan.
But he allows other people.
So in a sense, he's acting as
his oversoul for planet Earth.
He does a lot of work out
there in the universe.
But essentially, for this
planet in particular, he does--
and I'm going to get the
words again from him.
He's saying that he
individually incarnates to teach
a collective, conscious lesson.
And that's what he does--
on this planet, anyway.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Yeah.
>> So in a sense, he's kind
of a collective consciousness
himself, incarnating,
individualizing
as an individual
consciousness to teach--
>> Humanity.
>> --the rest of the collective,
the human collective,
what it's like to
be a collective.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> Oh, sweet.
>> Exactly.
So he'll give lessons.
I'm kind of curious now.
>> Yeah.
>> I kind of want to ask
him what an example would be
of that.
>> OK.
So yes, Khan, if
you could give us
an example of how you
teach these lessons
to the collective.
>> Hmm.
Interesting.
OK.
OK, so he said that
this just happened.
One of his incarnations
passed away.
But this happens all the time.
Because he incarnates
so frequently
in a variety of different
bodies on this planet,
the lifespan is very short.
He incarnated as a little boy.
And I'm not totally
sure where it
was, because it looked like
the Middle East somewhere.
>> OK.
>> A lot of commotion--
I just get this image
of people everywhere.
It wasn't a marketplace,
but it was somewhere
in the city-- lots of
cars, lots of commotion.
And there was this little
boy with dark skin.
And he ended up getting
hit by a driver.
And I'm not sure if the
driver was drinking,
or if he was just on
some sort of rampage.
But the driver shouldn't
have been there.
And so this little boy gets hit.
And Khan says that that
little boy was him.
The boy was about
five or six years old.
And so I asked Khan--
I said, so what does that mean?
Did you incarnate
for that entire time?
And he said, yes.
I came through as
that little boy
just to shed light so that this
man who was driving this car
could learn this lesson
that he has yet to learn.
And I feel like that man was
very angry, very abusive,
very--
not a very pleasant
energy to many people.
And that man had
to learn a lesson.
And unfortunately, that came
through that little boy.
But the beautiful thing is that,
because Khan sacrifices himself
so many times, there's
no attachment there.
It's interesting to think about
an individual or a soul living
just to teach--
and then, really, just to die--
without having to go through
the same sort of lessons
that we typically need to go
through as incarnated beings.
And I think that that's probably
the 12th dimensional oversoul
aspect of that-- that
he doesn't necessarily
need to learn any of
those lessons himself.
He is just at of
position now where
he is giving all
of those lessons
through those incarnated beings.
>> So in that sense,
then, the boy himself--
>> Yeah.
>> --would he be
fully actualized?
Or is he just playing
the role of a boy?
>> Right.
Yeah, I asked him
the same thing, too.
Because I'm like, OK,
how were you as a boy?
>> Right.
>> Were you [LAUGHS] weird?
I don't know.
>> And he said, no, he was
just playing the role of a boy.
And he was very,
very light-hearted,
would always smile at people.
Whatever he could do
to help his family--
cooking, or baking,
or what have you--
he was always right
there in that position.
And so he was just a
very light-hearted boy.
And his contracts were of
those five or six years,
to teach those lessons, and
to shed light on the community
as well.
>> What about the
parents of the boy?
They must have been devastated.
>> Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Let me check in with him.
Let's see what he has to say.
Ah.
Oh, beautiful.
Wow, this is so interesting.
[SIGHS] It makes so much sense.
Right away, of course, the
parents were devastated.
There was other children.
But they were very
just devastated,
because that was
probably the brightest
light within the family.
And Khan explained
it in an instant.
He said that the
parents were concluding,
within their own soul, some
past-life karmic energy where
they also had a child pass away.
And those parents--
individually,
in individual lives--
ended up taking their own
life when their son ended up
passing away.
And so they couldn't
live any-- they
didn't want to live
anymore when that happened.
In this incarnation,
in this lifetime,
those parents needed to go
through the same experience
and find their own strength
through that to complete
the karmic energies.
And Khan said, if
there was another child
or another little boy who
passed away in Khan's place,
there would have been more
karma created than completed.
>> Got you.
>> Yeah.
>> So I've had some interactions
with various Mantis beings
myself.
And the information that's
come through them to me
was that they are--
especially the
higher-dimensional ones, but it
sounds like Khan is up
there in dimensions.
[LAUGHS]
>> Yeah.
>> They're the archetypes of--
I'm sorry.
The architects--
not the archetypes,
but the architects of
this current matrix
we're residing in.
Does he have anything
to say about that?
>> Oh, good question.
Let's take a look.
Mm-hmm.
OK.
Yeah.
Great.
So there's definitely
different roles.
And being the architects
makes a lot of sense,
especially with the Mantis.
He says specifically
that that's not his role.
>> OK.
>> He calls himself the
overseer of the universe.
>> OK.
>> So he will, simultaneously,
be tapped into a variety
of different dimensions, in a
variety of different incarnated
beings, but also overseeing
those different dimensions
and different civilizations to
make sure that everything is
going in flow, everything
is going as planned.
So he calls himself
the overseer.
And then he said something else
about just this planet as well.
What was it?
OK.
so yeah, so Khan says that he's
not a creator in that sense.
>> OK.
>> Even though he creates
himself into individual
incarnations, he only
oversees the creation.
He does not create the
creation, if that makes sense.
>> That makes total sense.
>> Yeah.
>> So another
analogy that I use--
maybe he can verify.
And we're going specifics here.
But this is part of
the show-- is defining,
what are these beings?
The facilitators of desire--
so if one person is giving
off a specific frequency,
or has a desire to do something
on one side of the planet,
another person has
another desire,
and they're a vibrational match.
So I've always saw
the Mantis beings
as orchestrating certain
events and things
to happen in a specific way--
like, OK, the train is delayed
by 15 minutes.
So then this person gets on
the right step, and this thing,
and this thing.
And then, eventually,
those two people
can meet and facilitate
each other's desires,
no matter how much
distance, how much time,
or how much-- whatever it is.
Is that the Mantis being's role?
>> Wow.
Yeah.
From my own perspective
working with Khan,
you pinpointed it better than I
probably could ever articulate.
Let's see what Khan
has to say about that.
That's really cool.
Yeah, let's see.
[LAUGHS] OK.
Yeah.
OK, cool.
Honestly, Khan
really doesn't have
much to say about that,
because he's saying, yes--
>> OK.
>> --a big yes.
And then he called
you something,
which is interesting.
He explained it, too.
He said that you're
a brother in arms.
That you're a brother in arms--
that's what he's calling you.
>> I'm getting goosebumps.
>> Yeah.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> And so I said, OK, cool.
So obviously, the brother
thing-- you clearly have some
Mantis to you as well.
>> Sure.
>> And you understand
at that level.
But I said, brother in
arms, what does that mean?
Arms-- weird.
He's ready to fight?
And Khan said, yeah,
he's here to perpetuate
the mission of not just the
collective consciousness, which
you are, but also that Mantis,
the overseer, the alignment.
You plant the seeds, but
you don't necessarily push.
Do you know what I mean?
>> Perfect.
>> Yeah.
>> Brother Khan.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Yeah.
[LAUGHS] Yeah.
>> That actually has a nice
ring to it-- brother Khan.
>> It does.
[LAUGHS]
>> Khan!
No, that's a different Khan.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> So with that said,
I've had these--
personally, I've had
a few interactions.
>> OK.
>> I don't have names or--
they've come in a few
times through clicking.
We've talked about
this clicking idea.
With me and my
expansive research
into all of these
different beings--
Pleiadians, we went
into earlier, Zetas--
the only real conscious
memories I have of interactions
is actually with Mantis beings.
>> Wow.
OK.
>> Does he have anything
to say with that?
>> Yeah, let's see.
>> Hmm.
OK, interesting.
Makes sense.
OK, great.
Absolutely.
He said that your
interactions with Mantis
is the fastest way for you
to wake up and understand
what you're here to do.
And he compared it
to an interaction
with the Pleiadians.
So in comparison with the
interaction with Pleiadians,
you could receive a lot of
knowledge and information.
But there's something
about-- there's two things.
One, the Pleiadian vibration--
very similar to humans.
So it's almost
indistinguishable, in a sense.
And then the other part
is the Pleiadian energy
and information is
very divinely feminine.
So it's not clear-cut.
The information interaction
and the awareness,
the awakening, the
transition, the transmutation
that could happen
and does happen
when you remember your
Mantis lineage is--
it's a shock to the system.
>> Ah.
>> The Pleiadians is a really
lovely, fluffy integration.
The Mantis is like, boom.
>> Right.
>> There you go.
>> They're very--
>> Right.
>> So it's a little bit more--
you've had many experiences
with Pleiadian energy.
You're just not aware of it,
because it's indistinguishable.
>> I see.
Well, that makes sense.
During those
interactions, I've gotten
some of these downloads
and other things.
But I've also had physical
sensations of the clicking--
>> Ah.
>> --whether it starts with
fingers tapping, like this,
actual physical jaws
clicking, like this.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> And we talked
about that at lunch.
So could Khan just go
into that a little bit--
>> Yeah, let's see.
>> --and describe what
is happening there?
>> [LAUGHS] OK.
OK.
Yeah.
[LAUGHS] OK, two things--
one that came through right
away was the DNA activation.
There was this aspect
of your Mantoid,
Mantis DNA being activated.
And then the other
to that was you
said involuntary responses
or involuntary interaction
with them, right?
So involuntary in the
sense that you weren't
necessarily planning on--
>> Right.
>> --communicating or
interacting with them.
But because they were
in your vibration,
your body instantly--
your soul instantly--
took on the shape, and the
form, and the interaction
of those Mantoids, which
is involuntary interaction.
Yeah.
>> Well, that's
what it felt like.
I was involuntary convulsing.
>> Yeah.
>> I liken it to a
fish out of water.
I was literally
flopping in my bed
when it got really
intense, when I was getting
full downloads of what you
were talking about before,
the zip files.
>> Yeah.
>> I got some.
I had some questions.
And I had already
started doing the show,
and going into history of Earth,
and these kinds of things.
And I was literally
energetically just shaking
and on my bed like, [GIBBERISH].
I'm like, what is happening?
OK, and go with it, and just let
it flow and get the downloads.
And then I unpacked those.
And it's just been validating.
So it's cool.
This is--
>> Very cool
>> --another validation.
So thank you.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> Some other archetypal
energies with the Mantis
and downloads that I've
received is the idea of insects.
And the evolution of the
insects in maybe other worlds
seems to be quite fast,
because of the collective hive
mentality, perhaps.
Does he have anything to
add onto that or go into?
Hive mentality, evolution.
>> OK.
Yeah, great question.
Let's take a look.
Right.
Absolutely.
Personally, I've
never really thought
about the hive mentality
and then evolu-- never
really even thought about that.
But 100%, he's saying that--
the word that he
used was cohesive.
There's this
cohesion, cohesiveness
that happens when
you've got, basically,
one soul ruling over
many different bodies.
And you want to
get something done,
you're all cooperating
together to do it.
So there is really fast
evolution in that sense.
Whether that be building
incredibly large structures,
or evolving scientifically,
spiritually,
there's that cohesion.
But also, it takes a master
soul to work with another master
soul in tandem, in harmony, in
order to get something done,
which is--
as older the soul you
get, as more experience
you have under your
belt, the more difficult
it can be, because
you're working
with other very unique souls
who all have their own agenda.
So it's more difficult,
but there's also
a lot more lessons to learn.
When you have that other
soul to have that mirror
reflection to say, oh,
why did I attract you,
there's none of that when
it's the hive mentality.
When there's just
one soul, there's
a lot of advancements
in a lot of ways,
and also a lack of
challenge in a lot
of ways, which also
lacks some or holds back
some sort of
advancement as well.
So it's pros and cons.
You have to look at it.
But he was mentioning
and referencing
all the human beings on this
planet and the mastery level
that you have to get to to
even just exist on this planet
with other human beings who all
have their own indoctrinated
belief systems, projections,
and attachments.
>> Well, especially when it
comes to different cultures,
and different religious
groups, and in countries.
And now we're getting more and
more unified with the internet.
But there still
are some countries
that are a little bit
slower to take on new ideas.
And then, once
they take them on--
And I've made this comparison
with Japanese culture
or Asian culture.
They tend to-- and
this is not an insult,
but this is just a
realization that they
tend to be a little
more hive mentality.
And to get through on some
issues, it takes a long time.
But once you get through,
it spreads like wildfire.
>> Yeah.
>> And I use the
internet as an example.
Japan was one of
the last countries
to really have a really good
internet infrastructure.
But once they got it, it's the
best internet on the planet.
And everybody wants it.
Silicon Valley is
trying to get to--
everybody is trying to
migrate to Japan because
of their infrastructure.
And the speed is so fast.
So that, I guess,
just reflecting
on what you just said there.
Was there a centralized
place in the galaxy
universe that the
Mantis being came from?
Where in the galaxy
did they come from?
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, let's take a look.
[SIGHS] Mm-hmm.
That is so interesting.
It's difficult to say
exactly what planet it is.
It's definitely
nowhere close to here.
It's not a planet
that I recognize.
He did give me a name
for it, and not sure
if it's known out there.
But it's definitely somewhere
else in the universe.
And he called it planet Kai--
K-A-I, planet Kai.
Probably just the translation
into our language, right?
>> Right.
>> And it's cool.
He showed me the whole evolution
of the Mantoids, which I've
never personally seen before.
They started off looking
very much like the insects.
>> The praying mantis.
Yeah.
>> But not as small--
definitely not as small.
And then the evolution,
the separation,
of the different groups
all across the planet--
the different advancements
that they made,
the telepathy that
they had, the language
that they developed, and then
the fact that they started
getting off of the planet.
And they're at an
extremely ancient species.
They've been around for
a very, very long time.
And they've had
millennia upon millennia
to advance themselves.
And so they've
really had a hand--
or a claw-- involved in the
advancement, the structure,
the evolution of many
different species
all across the universe.
Once again, they're
very non-intervention.
But they love being--
I call them the masters
of the universe.
They really oversee things.
The architects-- they
really structure things
without that direct involvement,
which is so beautiful.
And then Khan was
also comparing--
because I was like, ooh,
this is kind of weird
watching all the Mantoids.
And some of them had
different colors, too.
I saw some white
Mantoids as well
in there, and some orange
ones, and whatever.
And then they all
grew, and developed,
and went off the planet,
and went everywhere.
And I'm like, ooh,
this is kind of weird.
And he's like, well,
Elizabeth, it's
not as weird as you may think it
is, because think about the way
that human beings--
or, really, any species
around the universe-- existed.
Same thing-- from a lower
life form into a much more
intelligent form.
And ultimately, we were just
animals not too long ago.
In a sense, I guess we're
still mammals, but--
>> Right.
>> Yeah.
>> But we've had
our genetic pushes.
>> And we've had
>> Yeah.
>> In their evolution, did they
have any genetic pushes from
any other--
>> Yeah, that's
a great question.
[SIGHS] Hmm.
OK.
Cool.
There was one point in time when
there was another very advanced
species or civilization-- and I
believe it was the or Anunnaki
or a subspecies of the
Anunnaki-- who came in.
And the Anunnaki spoke to
the leaders of the Mantis.
And they said, we can give
you that push, whether it
be a technology transfer,
or a genetic involvement,
or whatever.
But the Mantis had
to give up something.
I don't know what it was.
But it was this give and take.
And then the Mantoids
said, absolutely not.
We want to keep our sovereignty.
And that was the word that came
through-- was the sovereignty.
So they actually decided
to go solo and advance
themselves to do it exactly the
way that they wanted to do it.
And I'm sure there was
probably other subsections
or other subspecies of Mantoids
who probably did get help.
But specifically, maybe
where Khan came from,
or that lineage, or the
main dominant lineage said,
absolutely not.
We will keep our
full sovereignty
and our full
freewill and control.
>> Hmm.
>> Yeah.
Super cool.
>> Oftentimes, in abduction or
temporary detainment scenarios,
people have--
with, typically, the
Greys, and the short ones
doing all the work.
They sometimes-- as
we talked to Heera,
he said, there's a taller
one in the corner somewhere,
a white one or something.
And oftentimes, in the
mix of the little guys,
there's a Mantoid in the corner.
>> Yes.
>> What is their role in
the hybridization program?
>> Yeah, great question.
Ah.
OK.
Hmm.
Yes.
OK.
So the Mantoids
that typically work
with the Greys and the
Galactic Federation
are lower-dimensional Mantoids.
So they're usually anywhere
between probably 8th dimension
and 10th dimension.
And they're in physical bodies.
So actually, they're
physically there.
So he wanted to make
that distinction.
>> Sure.
>> And he said--
it was really cool.
Oh, yeah.
Yes.
They are there to
specifically oversee
any potential for infringement.
That's the word that he
used-- was infringement.
And I said, well, what
kind of infringement?
What do you mean?
And he said-- not
necessarily with a mistake.
It could be a conscious
decision as well.
But in one of those
decisions, they
could make a species that
could destroy the universe.
They could make
a master species.
They could-- so especially when
we're dealing with genetics,
and hybridization,
and a lot of power,
they have to be there
to oversee things.
And then they, the
Mantoids, go up
to the higher Mantoids
and relay information.
And they're-- I don't want
to say they're kind of like
the police.
But they do oversee.
And they just make sure that
there is no universal law
infringement.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Because a lot of people
associate them as the master
geneticist.
>> Yeah.
>> But we heard from Heera
before that they're called upon
by other species
to be the genetic--
again, not using the
word manipulation,
but the genetic
pushers, genetic--
>> Yeah, advancement.
>> --advancers.
So do they actually--
the lower Mantoids,
the physicalized ones-- do
they actually do genetic work?
Or are they just policing?
>> Yeah, let's take a look.
Mm-hmm.
Right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
OK.
They have a lot of knowledge.
And a lot of their knowledge--
it's on all topics
within the universe.
And definitely part
of their knowledge
is within genetics,
and the hybridization,
and how to do things
a certain way.
He still gave me this
image of this Mantis--
not him, but another one--
working on-board a ship,
physically, with Greys.
>> Right.
>> And if the Greys
were to be stumped,
or they can't really
figure out that harmony,
the Mantoid will give the Grey
a download of information on how
to do it the way that
they want to do it.
So once, again it
feels like they
have a lot of knowledge
in that regard.
But they're still
very non-intervention,
non-interfere.
They're there to oversee
things, but not necessarily--
I mean, it doesn't really feel
like their project at all.
You know what I mean?
The Mantis and the hybrids--
it really doesn't feel
like it's their thing.
They're really just
on the outskirts,
even the ones who are physical.
>> They're just helping
to facilitate the desire--
>> Facilitate, yeah.
[LAUGHS]
>> --for the Zetas
and for the humans.
>> Yes, exactly.
Yep.
>> Very cool.
>> Yep.
>> And facilitate--
that's probably the best--
>> They're facilitators.
>> Facilitators of desire.
>> Yeah.
>> So we have physicalized
little Mantis beings
on our planet here.
Can we use that--
or I've heard actually
already that we
can use that as a permission
slip to tap into that energy.
Are they related?
[LAUGHS] Are they
actually related?
Or what's the deal
with our connection
with our little mantis folks?
>> Yeah, that's great.
Let's take a look.
OK.
There's a lot of
words here, but I'm
going to try and say
it the best I can.
This is what he's saying.
They're helping to anchor in the
advancement of the population
by bringing forward the
vibration of the Mantis.
That's what they're doing.
It's so cool.
So he showed me the image.
And it's almost like all of
these little praying mantis
bugs that we have
here-- insects, really.
I think bugs is probably
not a great word.
>> Nah, that's fine.
>> But they're actually holding
part of this praying mantis DNA
within them.
They're not really making a
huge impact on the planet.
>> Sure.
>> But our awareness of them
is allowing us to openly,
consciously bring in the
vibration of the Mantoids.
And they are anchoring
in that vibration
just by being on this planet.
And Khan also brought
up a couple of the--
what is it called?
Martial art--
yeah, a couple of--
>> There's praying
mantis style--
>> Yes.
>> --Kung Fu.
[LAUGHS]
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> It's a very unique style.
>> And some of the movements
we're also mirrored after some
of the movements of
the praying mantis.
And the people, the individuals,
who brought in the praying
mantis Kung Fu and some
of the more Krav Maga--
or not Krav Maga, Capoeira--
that flow and that
movement, they're
actually connected to the
Mantis beings as well.
So there's this
knowledge that's being
taken from the praying mantis
beings, the praying mantis
insects, and imparted
onto the planet.
And I always find, when
Khan comes through,
I always find a praying mantis
somewhere, which is really--
I'm like, hi, Khan.
[LAUGHS] I mean,
just like, hello.
[LAUGHS] He's so cute.
[LAUGHS]
>> Well, maybe not so cute
is the fact that the female
praying mantis bites the
head off of the male--
>> Right, it can
be quite violent.
>> --after it mates, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So [LAUGHS] do they do that?
And I'm assuming they
don't in higher dimensions.
>> I'm sure they don't.
>> But how does that translate
into these higher-dimensional
realities?
>> OK, let's take a look.
OK.
So some of that violence,
in a sense, comes through.
And he just kept saying
this was, over and over
again, life and death--
this understanding of
the rebirth, the death.
Very similar to--
he was even giving
the example of lions
and other large cats
who end up, basically, killing
all of their young right
after they're born.
And so there's this
pattern, there's
this cycle of life and death.
And he was also talking
about the strength
of the divine feminine as
well, which is interesting.
But he said, no, we
don't do any of that.
We're much more
advanced than that.
Even the physical ones that are
these giant, physical Mantis
beings--
they don't even bother
with that, either.
>> That would be a very--
I couldn't imagine a giant
praying mantis biting heads off
of their mates.
>> [LAUGHS] Let's not.
>> That could get violent.
Let's not do that.
>> Yeah, that's-- no.
>> Probably in some
horror movie somewhere--
>> Yeah, for sure.
>> --it's already been done.
So would the Mantis
more be aligned
with the feminine energy?
Or is it quite balanced?
Or how does that work?
>> OK, let me ask.
Right.
OK.
Yeah.
He's saying, overall,
it's very balanced
between masculine and feminine.
And he said that it's not
necessarily the physical parts
that make it male or female.
It's the vibration and energy.
So they still have the
distinction within the binary
between, oh, you've got
a more feminine essence,
or a more masculine essence.
But there's no ranking system
based on gender, or vibration,
or anything like that.
It's pretty straight
across the board.
>> And have the Mantis beings--
at this high level of
evolution that they've
achieved in our
dimensional matrix reality,
have they expanded beyond this
dimension in this reality?
And are they interwoven
into other matrices?
>> OK, let's take a look.
OK.
So he's saying that,
after the 12th dimension,
you go back to source.
You can choose to
go back to source.
Or you can choose to
create your own universe.
And so he said, there's
been many a Mantis
who have gone on to create their
own matrix reality within that.
And he said, absolutely.
That's what a lot
have chosen to do.
I'm kind of curious
what he wants to do.
>> Yeah.
>> Can I ask?
>> Has he done that?
Or will he be doing that soon?
>> Obviously, he's in
the 12th dimension.
>> Sure.
>> He's kind of at the end
of this dimensional matrix
reality.
So I'm so curious if
he's thought about that
or where he wants to
go after he graduates.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> All right.
OK.
So he says that he really
enjoys this universe.
He really enjoys this
matrix, in a sense.
So he's going to stick around.
Especially when a
being is incarnated
without a body, like I said,
between 8 to 12 dimensions,
you can choose whether
you want a body or not.
And so when you
don't have a body,
you can choose when
your exit point is.
So he says, oh, I'll
be here for a while.
And when he says, a while,
he means a long time.
[BIRD CHIRPING]
Confirmation.
[LAUGHTER]
Right?
So he said, eventually, when
he's done with being there
and overseeing the
universe in that way,
he will choose to move on
and create his own universe.
And he said that that's
usually what most beings choose
because, if you just
go back to source
after that 12
dimensions, there's
really not a whole lot else
to see or do in this universe.
You've kind of done it all.
So typically, you go on, and
you create your own universe.
And then there's an
infinite amount of--
>> And there's a whole
new set of rules.
Since this is a binary
system, then there
would be whatever
your imagination can--
>> Many other infinite
numbers of systems.
And the one time I decided to
astral travel to check out,
hey, is there another universe?
That was just a question
that I had back in the day.
And I went into--
and it was so cool.
I don't even know how
I ended up doing this.
I don't know if
it was a hologram,
or if I just astral
traveled there.
[BIRD CHIRPING]
But I went out of this universe.
And I took a look at all
of the other universes.
And it literally looked like
this giant, almost donut shape,
and all of these bright lights.
Obviously, I was quite far back.
And every light that I saw, they
told me, was its own universe.
If you think about looking
at a torus from the top down,
it would look like a donut.
>> Yeah.
>> So I think that that's
basically the shape--
the vibration of the
energy-- that I was seeing.
>> I've always, in
meditation, have asked,
what does the universe
look like if it had shape?
And I always come back to--
I try to go into other shapes.
And always come
back to the torus.
>> Torus-- I know.
That is--
>> So maybe similar to this
Alex Grey picture you showed us
earlier--
something like that, right?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Which we saw a little
mantis face in there today.
>> I know.
We did.
Yeah.
>> So I've had several
experiences with the plant
medicine ayahuasca.
And I've had, I feel, a couple
of times-- one, for sure--
a very prominent time
when several Mantises
came into the room and
started doing some work.
And that's when I got more
downloads on who they were.
What's the relationship
with that medicine?
And is there any other medicine
that they're connected with?
Or what--
>> OK, great question.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
[LAUGHS] OK, this is so cool.
He said that-- and
it was very clear.
And he said, for those who
are seeking, we are waiting.
>> OK.
>> And so when you ask
about any other medicine,
any time you release DMT
or dimethyltryptamine
in the pineal gland,
and you're seeking,
they're going to be there.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
>> Because many people have also
made claims that they've seen
Mantis beings under
the influence of--
or in ceremony with--
ayahuasca or DMT.
>> I wouldn't be surprised.
But not everyone would--
>> Not everyone.
>> --because not everyone is
ready to seek the knowledge
that they're asking for.
>> Right.
>> They're asking
for what they want,
but they're not necessarily
ready to receive.
>> Right.
So at that-- particularly the
one ceremony that just called
them in, so to say, another
friend of mine had received
the night before in ceremony
specific symbols that he then
was instructed to play
the symbols on a gong,
to use a mallet, or--
I forget what you use.
And he literally drew
them out on the gong.
And it made this super
crazy, weird sound.
>> Wow.
>> And then, right when he
started doing that, I was like,
oh, the Mantis are here.
That's where-- I don't
know if I was specifically
looking for the Mantis.
But we were both-- we had
a separate talk outside
of the rest of the group.
And we were like, let's
call them in tonight.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> He's like, I
know the secrets.
So it was a pretty
intense ceremony.
And then I got a
lot of information
from them at that time.
But is there a specific
language that they use--
symbols, or light language?
Or do they have-- the
more physicalized ones.
Khan probably is beyond
language at this point.
>> Yeah.
OK, let's take a look.
Mm-hmm.
OK.
OK, great.
So there is a language
that they use.
And it's cool, because
we've kind of been hearing
a little bit of it from the--
>> The woodpeckers.
>> --the woodpeckers.
Yeah.
It's this clicking.
It's a clicking
language that they
use, sounding very similar
to these woodpeckers,
but obviously-- and it almost
sounds almost like Morse code
with the clicking.
And then, apart from
that, I asked him
if they use light language at
all, because most species--
yeah, out there in
the universe, they all
use light language
or a dialect of it.
And he said, no.
He said there's something
about their mouth
that they can't necessarily
maybe form the--
>> The sounds.
>> --the sounds.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> Yeah.
And maybe that's why they
just revert to the clicking.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Yeah.
>> Do the clickings happen
through physical bodies?
Or does it actually
happen with their mouths?
>> OK, cool.
Every Mantis in particular
has its own style of doing it.
Some of them do use their body--
different body parts, even.
And then some of them
do use their mouth.
And they make different
sounds with it.
And I would have no idea
how to even begin to--
>> Right.
Right.
Yeah.
>> --start that.
But most of them are telepathic.
Well, all of them
are telepathic,
whether they be physical
or non-physical.
And they understand
light language.
And they can communicate
mostly telepathically.
>> So even the little
guys on our planet--
can we telepathically
communicate with them?
>> Oh, OK.
Let's see.
Ah, interesting.
OK.
A lot of the times, those
little praying mantis
have an oversoul that is
connected to a mantis.
So usually, they're just doing
their little praying mantis
thing.
And they're just living
life as a praying mantis.
But if you connect
with it consciously,
and you call it in,
you will end up--
it's kind of like
picking up a phone
and calling one of
the Mantis beings.
>> One of the big guys.
>> Like, oh, oh, someone's
calling me from Earth.
OK.
Hey, what's going on?
And they will connect
with you telepathically,
which is really cool.
>> Yes.
>> I never knew that.
>> We can use a little
guy and pick him up.
Hey, get your pop on the phone.
[LAUGHTER]
Bring him in.
Sweet.
For some of the other
downloads, I'll just share--
and this is, again,
confirmation.
When humans were being
created I'm assuming,
like the hybridization
programs now, there
was a policing happening.
And one of the downloads I
got from my Mantis encounter
was that a faction of the
Reptilian energy consciousness.
Maybe the Draconian-- this is
sort of what came through me,
my interpretation of it--
desired because they were stuck
in their evolutionary scale--
scales.
[LAUGHS] Scale.
[LAUGHS] Yeah, scale.
Then they called out
to a feminine energy,
Pleiadian-like energy--
I don't if it was specifically
Pleiadians, but more
of a feminine energy--
to co-create a way out,
so to say, a way
out of evolution
because of the archetypes
of that Reptilian energy.
Can he say anything about
that or go into any detail?
>> OK.
Let's take a look at that.
OK.
Yep.
OK, great.
So definitely a
huge confirmation
that they were very stuck.
And a lot of them still
are very stuck within
their own spiritual and--
in technology, they're
pretty advanced.
But spiritually, and
even genetically,
they can be quite
far behind, because--
yeah, they can just be stuck
in that service-to-self sort
of energy.
Khan did say that,
back in the day--
so this is going a while back--
when they did call
out for some help,
there's only a few individuals
who called for help.
Those individuals got picked
up by the Galactic Federation
and started working for
the Galactic Federation.
>> Got you.
>> So maybe that's that divine
feminine energy that came
in and picked them up
and said, absolutely.
If you're willing to
go within, then we're
willing to get you there.
>> So answering the call was
the Federation, in a sense.
>> Yeah.
Answering the call
was the Federation.
And it usually is.
>> OK.
And in that sense,
the human creation
was multiple beings
then connecting with--
I had sort of seen it as a
feminine energy connecting
with the Draconian energy
was this human experiment was
to help that Draconian
energy evolve,
was the way it was
presented to me.
Maybe you could go into
some of the other races that
combined with that specific--
and we may be far removed down
from that.
But I was trying to go back
to the origin story of humans.
>> Yeah.
So I've channeled this
many times before.
It's not necessarily Khan who
has this particular information
about the origins.
From what I've seen in astral
traveling into human history's
past, it was the Anunnaki
who originally came here
and who wanted, basically,
a slave race to mine gold.
I even just went into a
lifetime the other day
of a client of mine who was
are those gold-mining slaves.
It was so interesting.
And anyway, and so the
Anunnaki came here,
utilized humanity, really
developed humanity to a point
where they can just
basically follow orders
rather than the more Neanderthal
type of energy and bodies.
And then the Reptilians said,
hey, we're on this planet.
You can't just utilize
our resources and be here.
So the Reptilians--
the Draconians,
whatever you want to
call them-- they've
been here long before the
Anunnaki were ever here.
They were here long before the
human beings were ever here.
And they felt gypped.
They felt like, all
of a sudden, there's
all this commotion that's
happening on their planet.
And yet they're
not involved in it.
So because of their
outcry, and their pushback,
the Anunnaki are like, OK,
do you want in on this?
We'll also take your
DNA and combine it
with the human beings.
And that way, you're
a part of the mix.
And so, for a very long time,
it was these giant humanoid
beings-- these Anunnaki beings--
along with the Raptoids.
And then there was a mix
of Pleiadians, and angels,
and other beings who were
swooping in and trying to help
the chaos and the confusion.
And there was also a
lot of overpowering
individual free will.
And that's a no-no with
the Galactic Federation.
We talked about the
non-intervention policies.
And so basically, the
Galactic Federation--
there was a point in time--
and I remember this
lifetime very clearly,
because I was a part of it.
And this is back
in ancient Egypt.
And the Galactic Federation
came down and said,
you are no longer
allowed to interfere
with humanity's progression.
And you've got to
get out of here.
You've got to get
off the planet.
And so the GFL came
through kind of as
that policing, governmental
force, kicked off the Anunnaki.
But the Reptilians
said, we're not leaving.
This is our planet.
We deserve to be here.
Let us stay.
And so there was maybe
about 25% of Reptilians
who left and went off planet.
The majority of them stayed.
But the Galactic Federation
said, you can be here,
but this planet was
always prophesized
to be the planet for the humans.
So we're going to let you
stay, but you can't-- still,
you can no longer have
involvement with the human
beings.
So you have to go somewhere
else where they're not
going to be able to see you.
Where did they go?
They went underground.
And they started to make
all of these cavern systems.
And they started to basically
live-- these Reptilians live
underground.
And of course, because of that
genealogy and the gene splicing
that was created with
the human beings,
Reptilians were actually able
to shift themselves and come
into the bodies of human beings,
especially the human beings who
had a higher percentage of
Draconian and Reptilian DNA.
It was easier for them
to control or take
over that human body.
They kept it in the bloodlines.
That's why a lot of
the royal families
have the higher percentage
of the Reptilian DNA.
And essentially, they
are those shape shifters
who are running
things at this time.
And there's two things where
the Reptilians come into play.
They are extremely
spiteful over humans,
because humans have a lot
higher vibrational DNA
than just the Reptilians.
So humans can travel dimensions.
Reptilians can't.
They're stuck in the
fourth dimension.
So humans can do
a lot of things,
but we're much
newer than they are.
So there's a little
bit of spite there.
And there's even more
resentment for the fact
that humans are now traipsing
around their planet,
and they're forced underground.
So they feel like,
any way that they can,
they want to take
that power back.
But once again,
there's many Reptilians
who work in tandem with
the Galactic Federation.
They're here for our awakening.
They don't agree with the
majority of their population.
And they want to help humans.
So yeah, there's
a little history
with what I've channeled.
Yeah.
>> So what does Khan have
to say about all that?
Have they just been policing?
[LAUGHTER]
Making sure that-- standing
in the corner like,
all right, there's a
lot happening here.
>> Right.
Let's take a look.
>> What was Khan's role?
>> OK.
So he has been standing back.
He understands where
humanity came from.
But also, he was very
aware of the prophecy
of the human beings
to begin with.
So he wasn't surprised that
things got very explosive
very quickly and very out
of control very quickly.
He kind of knew that
that was going to happen.
And that was just kind
of the creation of one
of the most epic species.
It was bound to have some
hiccups, and some infringement,
and those kind of things.
So he's calling this planet
the precipice of evolution.
So if we can all get along,
if we can evolve ourselves,
if we can love one another--
no matter if you have more
Reptilian DNA, or Anunnaki
DNA, or angelic DNA--
if we can really
all come together
with this collective
consciousness,
with this higher vibration
of love, then we've done it.
And all of the pain, and
the chaos, and the wars
that have sprouted because
of those differences--
that's not in vain.
That all needed to happen to
get to where we are right now.
>> So we're kind of the center
of the universe right now.
>> We kind of are.
All eyes are on us.
And when I started
channeling years ago,
I started to
realize, OK, so we're
a third-dimensional species.
And yet we have 8th
dimensional, 11th dimensional,
6th dimensional
beings all over us?
Why is that?
And then I started to understand
how powerful we actually are
and how magnificent it
is to be here right now.
>> The cosmic blender, right?
>> The cosmic blender--
going back to that blender.
>> Yeah.
>> So a lot of times, people
who have had interactions with
angels-- archangels,
that type of energy--
they say the energy of the
Mantis is also very similar.
Does he have anything
to say about that?
>> OK, good question.
Ah, yes.
OK.
Cool.
He said-- this is kind
of funny, because Khan
be funny sometimes.
>> OK.
>> He's making a joke.
>> Good.
Good.
>> He's saying-- he thinks
it's a joke, anyway.
But he says--
>> All right.
>> He says, yes, we are like,
as you say, Switzerland.
>> [LAUGHS] OK.
>> So they just really
don't choose sides.
And they're very objective.
And they're very
aware of things.
And so he's just
saying, absolutely.
We could be compared
to that kind of energy,
because they don't react.
They don't attach.
They don't choose sides.
They're just always
kind of there.
And they have a very loving,
open presence to them
because they don't choose sides.
And they're just
always completely
compassionate over every
phase of every species
in their existence because
they've been there, too.
>> Are they working with angels?
>> Hmm.
OK.
He says, not necessarily.
But he works with--
they work with many
different species
all across the universe.
So they don't specifically
just work with the angels.
They don't specifically
just work with the humans.
And they're just everywhere.
They've planted their seeds
all across this universe.
>> Got you.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool.
So they're like the
Federation counselors--
>> [LAUGHS] Yeah.
>> --in a sense.
Yeah.
>> Or even beyond
the Federation,
because I think the Mantoid
beings were around long before
the Galactic Federation was.
And so I don't want to
say that they're above,
especially the ones who
are incarnated in bodies.
They definitely work
with the Federation.
But they can't
really be bothered
with that kind of structure.
>> Sure.
>> Yeah.
>> Beyond structure.
They are.
>> Cool.
Well, super glad
Khan could come in
and share the Mantis knowledge
and the Mantis energy.
Big fan.
>> Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
>> I've been there, been
having those interactions.
>> For sure.
>> Hopefully, you have more.
And I will be calling.
>> [LAUGHS] Lovely.
>> Sweet.
>> Awesome.
>> Thank you, Elizabeth.
>> Thank you, Reuben.
>> Awesome.
>> Nice meeting you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CAMERA CLICKS]